"P if and only if Q" is equivalent to "if P then Q" and "if Q then P"

Rouché–Capelli theorem
	A system has no solution if (rank (Coefficient mat) != rank(Augmented mat))
	it has unique solution if no of columns in C = rank(C)
	it has infinite solutions if no of columns in C >rank(C)

	
A.7 Equality
Equality is a relation linking two objects x, y of the same type T
(e.g., two integers, or two matrices, or two vectors, etc.). Given two
such objects x and y, the statement x = y may or may not be true; it
depends on the value of x and y and also on how equality is defined for
the class of objects under consideration. For instance, as real numbers,
the two numbers 0.9999 ... and 1 are equal. In modular arithmetic with
modulus 10 (in which numbers are considered equal to their remainders
modulo 10), the numbers 12 and 2 are considered equal, 12 = 2, even
though this is not the case in ordinary arithmetic.
How equality is defined depends on the class T of objects under
consideration, and to some extent is just a matter of definition. However,
for the purposes of logic we require that equality obeys the following four
axioms of equality:
• (Reflexive axiom). Given any object x, we have x = x.
• (Symmetry axiom). Given any two objects x and y of the same
type, if x = y, then y = x.
• (Transitive axiom). Given any three objects x, y, z of the same
type, if x = y and y = z, then x = z.
• (Substitution axiom). Given any two objects x and y of the same
type, if x = y, then f(x) = f(y) for all functions or operations f.
330 A. Appendix: the basics of mathematical logic
Similarly, for any property P(x) depending on x, if x = y, then
P(x) and P(y) are equivalent statements.
The first three axioms are clear, together, they assert that equality
is an equivalence relation.	- Terence Tao

FORWARD DP is correct if and only if all the normal transition states (ex fib(n)=fib(n-1)+fib(n-2) (n-1) and (n-2) are normal transition states for n)
are visited in code loop before our current state gets visited(to change other state values) and all the transitions are done when they (normal transition states) were visited.
